[
    "Think beyond matching and use colour to about create an overall feeling for your wedding.You can’t think of colour without thinking of Pantone. For years, they have been the colour authority to go to, so if you’re looking for the perfect colour palette for your wedding, this is the article for you.Wedding planning portal WeddingWire has partnered with the Pantone Color Institute to come up with four trendy wedding color palettes. In line with their forecasted wedding trends for 2019, these hand-selected palettes incorporate fresh and unexpected colour combinations we guarantee will make your special day really stand out.“Colour palettes are a leading influence in helping couples identify their overall wedding theme and style, and really help tie the whole aesthetic together,” says Jeffra Trumpower, Creative Director at WeddingWire. “I recommend couples begin thinking about color as soon as they start wedding planning.”Weddings and flowers go together like milk and cookies , so the ‘Love in Bloom’ palette is a guaranteed gorgeous hit. Instead of the usual pastels, this botanical-inspired  color combo blends graceful light pink tones with bold fuchsia, earthy green, and cozy neutral colors for a palette that “embodies pure, effortless romance”. Perfect for a garden wedding!But garden wedding or no, the elegant ‘Love in Bloom’ palette is still a dreamy choice, says WeddingWire. “This palette is our favorite for any couple looking to create a setting that’s inviting, chic, and uplifting, no matter your venue.”Nature-loving couples, this one’s for you. The ‘Golden Hour’ palette is named after and inspired by the magical time of day just before sunset. Mixing dark neutrals with traditionally unconventional wedding colors like spicy reddish browns and oranges and muted warm hues, WeddingWire says that this soulful color palette would be stunning for a bohemian wedding theme, or any type of outdoor wedding or event with nature-inspired decor.Fun fact: This is WeddingWire Creative Director Jeffra Trumpower’s favourite palette!“The earthy textures mixed with pops of color create a natural, romantic feel. Pampas grass, which is very popular right now, pairs perfectly with the rich, warm colors, especially in florals. This palette achieves the perfect balance of natural, textured elements with warm, metallic accents.”If the beach holds special significance for you and your future spouse, consider the ‘Paradise Found’  palette. With its bright, beachy and exotic hues, this lively palette will make your wedding feel like a dreamy island getaway! From soothing blues and greens to pops of zesty orange and shimmering neutrals, these colours will work beautifully at a beach wedding or to simply bring a piece of the tropical to your wedding.“Our ‘Paradise Found’ palette may be showcased at a tropical beach destination wedding or a fun, bohemian countryside wedding,” says Jeffra. “The way couples apply color to their wedding aesthetic is really what defines the style. I like to tell couples not to be afraid to take risks when it comes to highlighting their wedding colors — pull them into their signature cocktails, tablescapes, wedding party attire, barware, and more!”What is a wedding but a celebration of beginning a new shared life? That glamour, romance, and energy is what inspired the ‘Stroke of Midnight’ palette, a mix of modern purple hues with sleek timeless navy blues, grays and shimmering white. With this creative take on the old-meets-new vibe, it’s vintage without being stereotypically vintage, making this refined palette a great option for couples looking for a fresh way to pull off a vintage-inspired wedding.WeddingWire suggests using the blues, grays, and white for wedding attire, while bringing out the brighter purple and fuschia shades in floral arrangements.
]