[
    "Graduating, relocating to a new city or country — there’ll come a point when we will have to bid goodbye to our beloved friends and no longer be able to just take a short walk or meet up on a weekend to see our them. It may sound like an easy plan to stay connected with them via chat messages or social media, but it’s also easy to feel drifted apart if the contact is only brief and occasional.Being far apart can have its challenges but it doesn’t mean the friendship has to suffer. By improvising new styles of connection and trying out alternative approaches, there are always ways to beat the distance and strengthen the bond.Here are six ways to get the conversation flowing and strengthen the connection between you and your long-distance friends.",
    "Chat messaging services such as Whatsapp and Facebook Messenger are a go-to option for everybody to communicate nowadays and it’s brilliant to keep up with long-distance friends. However, there’s always a limit to how much messages can connect people together. Instead of constantly texting, why not spend some time video calling each other? Seeing your friends on video feels more personal and you’ll find yourself chatting about little things in life that you would’ve missed out in typed messages. It’s the little things that count!",
    "During the 2019 Grammy Awards, Michelle Obama said: “Music helps us share ourselves, our dignity and sorrows, our hopes and joys.” and that’s absolutely accurate. Having a playlist with your friends is not only a good way to share your current favourite songs with them, but also a great alternative to connect with your friends and have something personal to talk about. A person’s favourite song tells a lot about them and whenever you share a song to someone, it feels as though you’re sharing a part of your emotion with them as well.",
    "It may seem old fashion, but sending handwritten letters or cards create a more intimate connection compared to sending long messages or emails. They’re a great physical reminder to your friends that you’re thinking about them and you cherish the friendship. In fact, research shows that penning letters can improve your happiness and life satisfaction!",
    "Remember those times when you and your friends used to talk about a movie you’ve watched together? Just because you’re apart, doesn’t mean you won’t be able to have such conversations anymore. Despite being in different countries, you and your friends can still agree to read the same book or watch the same TV series so that you can talk about it in your next catch up session. This way, you can also ensure you and your friends always have a common topic to talk about.",
    "If your friends are from different cultures or countries, it’s always good to make an effort to learn more about it. Not only it’s a great way to understand them better, but it’ll also enrich your knowledge of different cultures and current affairs.",
    "Photo: InstagramThe evolution of social media makes it a great platform for people to share bits and pieces of their lives easily and you should totally utilize it (while practising online safety measures, of course!). With Instagram’s ‘close friends’ function, you can send daily photo updates to your besties via stories without having to worry about sharing too much with all your followers. You’ll be surprised a simple photo update on your lunch or makeup look for the day can really help to keep the friendship alive.",
    "Graduating, relocating to a new city or country — there’ll come a point when we will have to bid goodbye to our beloved friends and no longer be able to just take a short walk or meet up on a weekend to see our them. It may sound like an easy plan to stay connected with them via chat messages or social media, but it’s also easy to feel drifted apart if the contact is only brief and occasional.Being far apart can have its challenges but it doesn’t mean the friendship has to suffer. By improvising new styles of connection and trying out alternative approaches, there are always ways to beat the distance and strengthen the bond.Here are six ways to get the conversation flowing and strengthen the connection between you and your long-distance friends.",
    "Graduating, relocating to a new city or country — there’ll come a point when we will have to bid goodbye to our beloved friends and no longer be able to just take a short walk or meet up on a weekend to see our them. It may sound like an easy plan to stay connected with them via chat messages or social media, but it’s also easy to feel drifted apart if the contact is only brief and occasional.Being far apart can have its challenges but it doesn’t mean the friendship has to suffer. By improvising new styles of connection and trying out alternative approaches, there are always ways to beat the distance and strengthen the bond.Here are six ways to get the conversation flowing and strengthen the connection between you and your long-distance friends."
]