[
    "Whenever it comes to relationships, romance plays an important role in igniting the flame between two individuals and keeping the connection lit. It’s almost very common for couples to spend time together by going for movie dates and having a romantic meal. Yet, regular meal dates can slowly become boring when often repeated and soon you’ll both be looking for alternative activities to do together to keep the romance alive.From sweating it out with an outdoor sport to enjoying a breathtaking city view from the sky, the city has a plethora of adventures for you to explore with your partner. Why not switch up the dinner date this Valentine’s Day for one of these unconventional activities?Ignite the spark in your relationship with a bit of competitiveness with this motorsport filled with adrenaline and excitement. Located in the heart of the city in Sungei Wang Plaza, Blastacars Malaysia offers an indoor leisure karting experience that’s educational as well to develop your driving, drifting and racing skills. The karts consist of powerful engines and a unique design, so if you and your partner are both motor lovers, this is an activity you definitely don’t want to miss.Blastacars MalaysiaA: 5th Floor, Sungei Wang Plaza, 111 Jalan Sultan Ismail, 55100 Bukit Bintang\nT:+6012-887 8485",
    "If you and your significant other are fairly new in the relationship, a visit to a board games cafe such as Meeples is a great way to break the ice and strengthen the bond between the both of you. It’s not only a fun alternative to Netflix, but also a chance to put away your smartphones and communicate with each other. Depending on the type of board games you choose, it may also help you understand and learn more about your significant other!MeeplesA: 64-1, Jalan SS15/4D, 47500 Subang Jaya, Selangor\nT: +603-5633 8033",
    "One of the best unique date ideas out there is to skydive in a wind tunnel and get the sensation of flying especially if you and your partner are both adrenaline lovers. At AirRider, you’ll get to “fly” in a large vertical wind tunnel that mimics the experience of diving out of an airplane. Fret not if you’ve never done this before because an experienced instructor will be on hand to guide you through the basic skills and introduce you to the exhilaration of indoor skydiving.Air RiderA: S601, 1 Utama E, 1 Utama Shopping Centre, 1, Lebuh Bandar Utama, Bandar Utama, 47800 Petaling Jaya\nT:+603-77285588",
    "Compared to a conventional dinner-and-movie date night, an indoor rock climbing experience is a relatively inexpensive and healthy activity that’ll help keep the romance going. It’s not only a great way to interact with your partner but also gives you the opportunity to learn more about your partner’s personality. Situated in 1 Utama Shopping Centre, Camp5 is an ideal place for you and your partner to blow off some steam with their indoor climbing facilities. With their team of professional instructors, you’ll be guided through a progressive session of bouldering to get you started.Camp 5A: EZ501, 5th Floor 1 Utama Shopping Centre, Bandar Utama, Damansara, Petaling Jaya 47800\nT: +603-7726 0410",
    "Nothing screams “romance” more than a hot air balloon ride where you get to soar into the sky with your partner and admire the beauty of the city from above. The MyBalloon Adventure is the best way to watch Putrajaya at the crack of dawn and get captivated by the architectural wonder of modern monuments and buildings influenced by the Islamic and eastern design beneath you. With the amazing 360˚ view of beautiful landscapes, it creates the perfect setting for you and your partner to relive all the beautiful memories you had together.MyBalloon AdventureA: B1-28-2 Dataran Niaga Sg Besi, Midfields Square West, Jalan 11/108C, Off Lebuhraya Sg.Besi, 57100, Kuala Lumpur\nT: +6017-379 0626",
    "Travelling is a fantastic way to strengthen the relationship between you and your loved one, but instead of jetting off to another country, why not explore your hometown together? Similar to visiting a new country, you can hop on a bus and get to learn more about your city while enjoying the sights with your partner. If you’re up for a full experience, consider signing up for a walking tour where you can learn more about the city’s histories and socialise with other travellers."
]